Please look carefully, everyone.
The one on the right is the right lung, and the one on the left is the left lung.
I'm having a hard time with the left lung.
I've been diagnosed with various types of tinnitus.
From the top of the head to the toes of the feet.
Of course, there is no place where it is necessary to say where, but...
What is necessary to separate is this heart.
If this stops, it's a bungee kick.
The structure of the human body is...
The heavenly god is in charge and is actually equal.
Even in Ononokoma, which is said to be the most beautiful city in Japan...
Even in the
blood vessel, the so-called blood vessels are so close to the water.
It's like a water level in the waterway.
The blood vessels are thick, but they get thinner and thinner.
Finally, the hair is thin, saying that it is a hair follicle.
It's flowing all over the body.
It's the power of air and oxygen that comes around and makes the dirty blood new.
Please look carefully at the inside of the lung, which is the job of this lung.
There is a fruit called a
blood vessel in the lung.
When the wind blows and this guy breaks, the blood vessel talks.
When it gets heavier, the lungs talk, so the lungs are blood vessels.
The sea of ​​snow-white, Takedo Namiko.
You go home early and cry just enough to spit out the blood.
That is the tragedy of the love of the lungs.
The blood that became beautiful by the lungs returns to the original heart.
There are four rooms in the heart. Four rooms.
Two main rooms.
This is a different story, but...
In a modern society, if you want to succeed, please understand the principle of the body as a mirror.
It is impossible to achieve a successful utopia with low energy.
It is impossible to control the key to success with stupidity.
I have a very low-energy person among you.
There is a terrible guy.
All standing people are treated with low energy.
This is a medicine that is used in the front.
This is a medicine that calms the nerves by making the body a mirror and the brain a mirror.
Usually, it is 50 yen per day, but today it is 50 yen per day for the third day of the logo promotion.
But please wait for the audience.
Especially today, I add one point to this kimono material.
Especially today, I add another point to this.
50 yen per day, 35 yen per day.
I worked hard and had a hard time.
The teacher was also very good and did a lot.
The banana shop owner came to the shop drunk.
Hello, teacher. I'm glad you came.
Thank you. How are you today?
I'm a boss for a girl, so I'm a bar owner.
I'm a bar owner.